Reading vocabulary from file '../data/char' ...
Randomly initializing neural network weights ...
Reading development data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_val.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Reading training data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_train.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Training ...
Shuffling ... done
training perplexity = 5853.96
time = 16.500 seconds
training perplexity = 4399.10
time = 13.251 seconds
training perplexity = 339460.43
time = 12.185 seconds
training perplexity = 2790530142421307621376.00
time = 12.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 151.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 158.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.671 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.414 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.261 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.606 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.985 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.371 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.086 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.516 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.371 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.371 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.935 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.371 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.261 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.876 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.875 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.733 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.849 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.710 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.876 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.201 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.414 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.481 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.007 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.007 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.539 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.655 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.539 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.089 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.710 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.099 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.636 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.849 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.920 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.733 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.414 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 95.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.655 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.624 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.414 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.655 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.481 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.921 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.184 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.921 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.089 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.089 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.191 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.888 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.655 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.985 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.201 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.007 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.710 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.460 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.733 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.191 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.093 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.655 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.606 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.329 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.516 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.733 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.251 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 8.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.275 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.099 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 9.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.671 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.003 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.849 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.089 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.201 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.093 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.349 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.624 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.733 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.093 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.184 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.636 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.414 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.849 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.875 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.460 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.007 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.371 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 162.321 seconds
