Reading vocabulary from file '../data/char' ...
Randomly initializing neural network weights ...
Reading development data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_val.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Reading training data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_train.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Training ...
Shuffling ... done
training perplexity = 5853.96
time = 44.149 seconds
training perplexity = 4767.89
time = 35.952 seconds
training perplexity = 50508.50
time = 36.323 seconds
training perplexity = 377435.63
time = 37.660 seconds
training perplexity = 382277805.90
time = 35.275 seconds
training perplexity = 55417830151520.57
time = 111.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 77.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.935 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.184 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.329 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 117.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 90.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 90.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 74.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 100.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.875 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 66.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 79.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 68.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 68.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 66.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.086 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 86.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 106.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 87.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 94.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.481 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 103.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.191 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 68.349 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 73.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.275 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 86.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 77.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 92.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 83.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 83.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 130.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.275 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 126.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 68.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 70.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.460 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 109.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 84.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 84.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 77.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 103.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.606 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 73.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 73.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 82.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 66.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 93.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 98.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 106.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 91.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 97.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 125.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 92.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.329 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 99.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 88.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 87.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 161.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 88.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 112.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 98.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 103.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 128.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.388 seconds
