Reading vocabulary from file '../data/char' ...
Randomly initializing neural network weights ...
Reading development data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_val.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Reading training data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_train.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Training ...
Shuffling ... done
training perplexity = 5853.96
time = 36.892 seconds
training perplexity = 4767.89
time = 32.940 seconds
training perplexity = 70797.83
time = 24.894 seconds
training perplexity = 7909050.65
time = 33.438 seconds
training perplexity = 949780716.97
time = 35.093 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 96.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.274 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.275 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.606 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 75.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.624 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.710 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.875 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.457 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.481 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.921 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.189 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 104.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 75.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 98.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 76.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 66.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 87.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.920 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.529 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.624 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.921 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 75.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 80.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.606 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 101.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 97.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 90.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 68.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 77.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 76.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 97.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.636 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 99.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.201 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.275 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 131.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.742 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.985 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.539 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 83.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.888 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 75.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 108.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.671 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 91.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 117.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.495 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 110.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 97.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 108.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.891 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 96.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.251 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.251 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 81.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 110.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 118.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 80.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 70.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 75.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 86.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 74.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 102.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 113.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 84.353 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.888 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.086 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 99.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.201 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.920 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 135.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 101.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.624 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 77.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 87.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 82.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 76.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 107.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 82.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 83.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 111.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 70.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 90.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.201 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 77.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.251 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.319 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.849 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.985 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.007 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.261 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.099 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.239 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 289.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.658 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 66.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.099 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.371 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.099 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.261 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.876 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.460 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.710 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.329 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 66.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.099 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.333 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.089 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.301 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.935 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.655 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.457 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.233 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.623 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.433 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.086 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.065 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 108.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.710 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.539 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.920 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.251 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.516 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.921 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.587 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.075 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.156 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.434 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.935 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.267 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.104 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.888 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.192 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.926 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.355 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.969 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.258 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.343 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.145 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.665 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.457 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.785 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.853 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.846 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.854 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.929 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.114 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.366 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.516 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.252 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.906 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 71.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.506 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.481 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.775 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 103.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.363 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.003 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.003 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.539 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.349 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.873 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.608 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.636 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.199 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 140.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.895 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.831 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.470 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.345 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.624 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.322 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.491 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.386 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.195 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.578 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.133 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.184 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.876 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.634 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 79.359 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.750 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.022 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.409 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 87.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.835 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.398 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.367 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.240 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.457 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.870 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.524 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.349 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.089 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.716 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.654 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.279 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.191 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.795 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.338 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.498 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.232 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 80.157 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.308 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 78.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.999 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.462 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.051 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 74.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.698 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.406 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.812 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.256 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.804 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.300 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.460 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.559 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.074 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.883 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.645 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 79.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.888 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.606 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 70.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.108 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.003 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 67.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.295 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.752 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.744 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.412 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.093 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.747 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.777 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.422 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.395 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.162 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.731 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.920 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.822 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.302 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.116 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.161 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.332 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.753 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 100.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.014 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.652 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.832 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.171 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.346 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.532 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 93.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.475 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.717 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.701 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.858 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.307 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.740 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.820 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.807 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.381 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.453 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 54.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.242 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.030 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 91.599 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.510 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.311 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 65.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.388 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.670 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.390 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.141 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.243 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.742 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.131 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.060 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 80.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.714 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.485 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.596 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.329 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.507 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.650 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 93.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.903 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.037 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.083 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.718 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.908 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.855 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.391 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.457 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 74.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.228 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.041 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.261 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.983 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.905 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.042 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.257 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.052 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.393 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.859 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.666 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.487 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.107 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.204 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.010 seconds
