Reading vocabulary from file '../data/char' ...
Randomly initializing neural network weights ...
Reading development data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_val.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Reading training data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_train.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Training ...
Shuffling ... done
training perplexity = 5853.96
time = 35.685 seconds
training perplexity = 4767.89
time = 28.255 seconds
training perplexity = 41000.73
time = 22.865 seconds
training perplexity = 125856.88
time = 27.603 seconds
training perplexity = 26698374.35
time = 21.998 seconds
training perplexity = 2262373498.89
time = 69.671 seconds
training perplexity = 4404758818.47
time = 26.746 seconds
training perplexity = 766744844159.72
time = 21.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.062 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.069 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.697 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.423 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.880 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.992 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.450 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.278 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.440 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 99.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.570 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.887 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 72.481 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 104.098 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.682 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 85.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 74.943 seconds
