Reading vocabulary from file '../data/char' ...
Randomly initializing neural network weights ...
Reading development data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_val.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Reading training data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_train.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Training ...
Shuffling ... done
training perplexity = 5853.96
time = 19.935 seconds
training perplexity = 4399.10
time = 16.323 seconds
training perplexity = 339460.43
time = 15.141 seconds
training perplexity = 2790530142421307621376.00
time = 15.875 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 178.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 199.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.320 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.150 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.574 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.577 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.329 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.876 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.563 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.449 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.898 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.960 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.411 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.813 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.771 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.210 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.761 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.092 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.015 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.536 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.077 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.808 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.984 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.541 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.377 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.458 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.673 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.610 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.519 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.324 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.527 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.066 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.677 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.191 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.174 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.003 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.711 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.260 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.797 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.600 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.916 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.144 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.106 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.262 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.749 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.084 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.824 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.086 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.452 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.160 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.836 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.773 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.603 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.226 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.636 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.811 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.194 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.121 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.637 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.874 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.841 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.347 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.415 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.726 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 64.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.736 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.595 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.589 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.751 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.268 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.055 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.965 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.178 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.742 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.671 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.153 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.878 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.671 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.392 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.793 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.455 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.231 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.315 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.964 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.027 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.245 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.090 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.118 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.909 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.224 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.625 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.017 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.441 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.208 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.135 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.321 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.686 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 59.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.016 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.848 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.966 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.429 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.272 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.792 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.557 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.078 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.003 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.198 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.535 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.612 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.341 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.938 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.685 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.499 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.474 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.907 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.336 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.214 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.105 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.748 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.220 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.653 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.049 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.567 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.882 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.351 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.342 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.518 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.669 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.754 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.187 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.737 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.019 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.362 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 60.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.703 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.438 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.502 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.273 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.185 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.155 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.560 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.158 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.287 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.958 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.249 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.091 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.879 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.165 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.159 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.986 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.396 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.727 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.476 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.598 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.911 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.477 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.166 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.013 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.601 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.289 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.296 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.124 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.511 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.580 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.826 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.203 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.173 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.940 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.531 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.023 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.057 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.128 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.636 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.080 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.503 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.122 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.888 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.513 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.234 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.553 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.735 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.982 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.163 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.707 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.036 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.920 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.126 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 58.790 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.962 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.417 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.008 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.191 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.869 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.934 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.020 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.720 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.405 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.985 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.631 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.765 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.418 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.967 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.695 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.451 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.478 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.725 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.977 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.592 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.850 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.647 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.805 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.407 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.129 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.266 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.340 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.227 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.352 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.206 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.692 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.789 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.565 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 88.884 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.241 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.694 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.997 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.778 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.818 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.947 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.504 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.014 seconds
