Reading vocabulary from file '../data/char' ...
Randomly initializing neural network weights ...
Reading development data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_val.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Reading training data from file '../data/all_chinese_char_seperate_train.ptt.corpus.20140906.txt' ...
Training ...
Shuffling ... done
training perplexity = 5853.96
time = 17.744 seconds
training perplexity = 29982108015112.21
time = 18.666 seconds
training perplexity = 117398855897336719460508482624488121302500440283037521657016380569725960192.00
time = 13.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.667 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.551 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.676 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.571 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.309 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 10.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 11.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 12.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.149 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.954 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.763 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.839 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.448 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.896 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.885 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.945 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.975 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.246 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.976 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.414 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.715 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.424 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.868 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.056 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.143 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.408 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.995 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.605 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.000 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.722 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.427 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.973 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.211 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 62.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.283 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.921 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.348 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.167 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.980 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.209 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.018 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.988 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.925 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.290 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.361 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.376 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.638 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.772 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.247 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.183 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.914 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.445 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.230 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.001 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.058 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.123 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.766 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.617 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.562 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.464 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.626 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.179 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.039 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.985 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.327 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.225 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.862 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.420 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.316 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.865 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.838 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.602 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.671 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.705 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.416 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.397 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.222 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.505 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.317 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.275 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.432 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.946 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.344 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.480 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.400 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.769 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.205 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.526 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.006 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.963 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.724 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.102 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.048 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.364 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.728 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.100 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.212 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.924 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.713 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.059 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.401 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.467 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.615 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.767 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.473 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.834 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.764 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.620 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.540 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.053 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.794 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.712 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.070 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.139 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.993 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.120 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.439 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.776 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.936 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.672 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.382 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.981 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.871 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.569 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.768 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.851 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.182 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.009 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.861 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.641 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.546 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.576 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.613 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.632 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.202 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.280 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.130 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.172 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.656 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.219 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.489 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.251 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.741 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.678 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.285 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.494 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.633 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.783 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.774 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.357 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.816 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.619 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.379 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.523 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.819 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.575 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.866 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.910 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.459 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.681 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.304 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.443 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.799 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.989 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.061 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.384 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.939 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.110 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.543 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.493 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.305 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.337 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.064 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.484 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.221 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.117 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.951 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.134 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.334 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.644 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.035 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.782 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.403 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.325 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.306 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.138 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.829 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.259 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.207 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.461 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.169 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.383 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.702 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.609 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.154 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.492 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.721 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.902 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.745 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.125 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.181 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.119 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.456 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.953 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 61.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.646 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.996 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.293 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.961 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.265 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.466 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.555 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.005 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.828 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.943 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.756 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.622 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.261 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.957 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 39.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.299 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.284 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 48.021 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.618 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.894 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.970 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.490 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.288 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.394 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.952 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.402 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.709 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.029 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.431 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.387 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.054 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.950 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.579 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.034 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.514 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.277 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.276 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.082 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.365 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.380 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.687 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.385 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.197 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.801 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.935 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.611 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.604 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.840 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.528 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.779 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.639 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.594 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 41.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.684 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.244 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.780 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.323 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.791 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.892 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.690 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 35.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.314 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.582 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.281 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.237 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.486 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.755 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.497 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.294 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.815 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.837 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.867 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.291 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.833 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.593 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.558 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.312 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.012 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.545 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.688 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.468 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.097 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.040 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.286 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.132 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.937 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.942 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.917 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.200 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.998 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.544 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.928 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 31.176 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.271 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.472 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.330 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.830 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.079 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.043 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.817 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.762 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.115 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.955 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.435 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.426 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.428 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.693 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.591 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.509 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.255 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.585 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.373 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.863 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.821 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.085 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.994 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.421 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.931 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.979 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.223 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.990 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.643 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.881 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.375 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.852 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.292 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.770 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.941 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.140 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.689 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 46.679 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.843 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.399 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.229 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.564 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.164 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.823 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.800 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.113 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.217 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.825 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.971 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.616 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.552 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.732 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 36.642 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.597 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.236 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.313 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 38.103 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.798 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.651 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.496 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.004 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 55.890 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.193 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.318 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.446 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 53.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.542 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.282 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.127 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.031 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.500 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.152 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.704 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.581 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.216 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.706 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.621 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.168 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.326 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.856 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.215 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.142 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.738 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.915 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.196 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 43.586 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.148 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.235 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.927 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.264 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.094 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.038 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.213 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.640 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.787 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.063 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.046 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.050 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.335 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.520 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.101 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.629 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.708 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.844 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.521 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.488 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.026 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.904 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.889 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.137 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.547 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.556 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.872 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.370 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.501 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.845 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.554 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 50.190 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.081 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.987 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 63.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.263 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.627 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.729 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.530 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.956 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.112 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.803 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.218 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.096 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.743 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 52.723 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.614 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 14.374 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.248 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.525 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.548 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.814 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 49.437 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.369 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.508 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.538 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.465 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.857 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.419 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.664 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.583 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.786 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.339 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.568 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.151 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.700 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.919 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.447 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.781 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.810 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.739 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.356 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 47.378 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.877 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.479 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.011 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.573 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.680 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.444 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.354 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.071 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.147 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.561 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 13.512 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.628 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.328 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 75.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.269 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.886 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 76.177 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.566 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.045 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.303 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.413 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.186 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.860 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.758 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.649 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.675 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 51.482 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.188 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.978 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.991 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.864 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.350 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.002 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.389 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 30.360 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 45.331 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.696 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.549 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.648 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.674 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.136 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.095 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.661 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.254 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.436 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.425 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 32.660 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.730 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.175 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 37.025 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.483 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.024 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.691 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.893 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 57.847 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.010 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.430 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.250 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.662 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.368 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.719 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.802 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 33.930 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.310 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.297 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.899 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.922 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.469 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.180 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 24.607 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 29.959 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.972 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 28.657 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.088 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.932 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 27.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 40.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.913 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.933 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.068 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.471 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.659 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.630 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.358 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.699 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.923 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.968 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.515 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.457 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 16.897 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 15.944 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.067 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 17.517 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.788 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 69.784 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.109 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.404 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.757 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.146 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.734 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.759 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.760 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.948 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.912 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.028 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.047 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.663 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.454 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.463 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.372 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.522 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.442 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.238 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.572 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.635 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.584 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.827 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.533 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.590 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.683 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.900 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.076 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.974 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.073 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.537 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 25.410 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 56.809 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.111 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 18.253 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.949 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.044 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.534 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.170 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.550 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.032 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.901 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 34.588 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 23.796 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.087 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.806 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.918 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.668 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.033 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 19.746 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 21.270 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 20.842 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 44.072 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 22.876 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 26.298 seconds
training perplexity = inf
time = 42.959 seconds
